yeah
what we strove to do when any
filmmaker should strive to do
when you're doing a period piece
is to be authentic and to be
absolutely real raw hides ok
stagecoach role in the crowd
where you hit we took great
pains and being historically
accurate we had two different
teams and national geographic
who are at my disposal making
sure that I got everything right
you know there's a certain
amount of artistic license of
writers take we came up with the
story that is engaging and at
the same time as flawless
beautiful research get close
awfully so a couple of months
after the assassination attempt
all the doctors and all the
nurses that one
saving his life they put
together their own little mini
documentary they reenacted
everything exactly as it
happened and so this became
extraordinarily valuable to us
mr. president today we're all I
think the thing that we've been
blessed with on all of our
killing Productions is foremost
writers who are incredibly fast
with material and deeply
familiar with it and so that
they can again take something
that we already have some basic
walking knowledge of and
transcend that were exposed to
those things we recognize and
yet we get a different
perspective on them
I don't think we even realize
when we tasked with Cynthia how
truly lucky we were to have two
people who were equally
committed deeply researched
these roles and who have such an
alluring and sort of complex
relationships that were able to
build on screen together Eric
Simonson both is the a trickle
background as a writer and a
director I think was able to
bring to this sort of a dynamic
that gave us an immediacy in
terms of our experience of this
. history and then with rod Lori
who is a director at the top of
his form but one who thrives in
this political forum in between
the two of them there was such a
deep foundation of understanding
and determination to tell the
story as authentically as fully
as dramatically as possible and
that to me is also what defines
doing a piece like this for
National Geographic